───────────────────────────── user ──────────────────────────────
... **text shortened** ... isk-aversion quantification, and 
federated learning approaches.
        </p>

        <h2>Demo</h2>
        <p>This is a demo of the embedded reinforcement learning 
algorithm beating the user at a game of matching
            pennies over 20 trials, first to 10.</p>
        <video controls>
            <source src="Demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
            Your browser does not support the video tag.
        </video>


        <h2>Initial Proposal</h2>
        <p><a href="JamesZhaoSeniorProjectProposal.pdf" 
target="_blank">View Initial Proposal</a></p>
        <h2>Senior Project Final Report</h2>
        <p><a href="JamesZhaoSeniorProjectFinalReport.pdf" 
target="_blank">View Report</a></p>
        <h2>Code Zip</h2>
        <a href="Code.zip" download>Download .zip</a>
        <p>More code and files can be found on <a
                href="https://github.com/itsjameszhao/CSEC-491-Ma
tching-Pennies">GitHub</a>.</p>
    </div>
</body>

</html>
----------------
Generate a README from the HTML
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
─────────────────────────── assistant ───────────────────────────
# Matching Pennies CSEC 491 Project

This project investigates the feasibility of deploying online 
learning algorithms on low-power, low-cost embedded systems. We 
explore this problem by implementing a mind-reading algorithm 
inspired by Shannon's Mind Reading Paper and SEER (a sequence 
extracting robot) on a MicroBit embedded system to play the 
Matching Pennies game. We compare the performance of 
heuristic-based and reinforcement learning strategies under 
various memory and processor constraints. Additionally, we 
conduct a user study to validate our approach against human 
opponents. Our results demonstrate that online learning 
algorithms can be effectively deployed on embedded systems, 
providing new avenues for expansion, such as machine learning 
functionality through pruning and quantization, risk-aversion 
quantification, and federated learning approaches.

## Demo

This is a demo of the embedded reinforcement learning algorithm 
beating the user at a game of matching pennies over 20 trials, 
first to 10.

[View Demo Video](Demo.mp4)

## Initial Proposal

[View Initial Proposal](JamesZhaoSeniorProjectProposal.pdf)

## Senior Project Final Report

[View Report](JamesZhaoSeniorProjectFinalReport.pdf)

## Code Zip

[Download .zip](Code.zip)

More code and files can be found on 
[GitHub](https://github.com/itsjameszhao/CSEC-491-Matching-Pennie
s).
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
